Hello, hello friends, today we are talking about
ICICI Lombard General
Insurance, a general insurance company which is
leading in the private sector.
It insures motor, health, travel etc.
Its present market
capitalization is at Rs 71,240 crore. If we
talk about its net profit for the full year of 2021, then
its net profit is
Rs 1473 crore as compared to Rs 1194 crore, which is much bigger than last year. The
return on equity for the last 10 years has remained at 18 percent. The
compound profit growth for the last 10 years has remained at
20%.
Since January, this stock has
seen a straight move and has
reached the level of Rs 16 to Rs 26, which is a cut.
In the coming time, this stop can go further. The
stock is looking very strong on the daily and weekly charts.
Currently, this stock is
trading around Rs 1578. You can fix a target of Rs 1648 in it.